docs: Search Metadata Batch 03 (#14593)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/registration/service-registration.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Service Mesh Proxy: Configuration

Reviewer: I don't like how clunky the title I suggested is, but it's a more accurate reflection of what is going on (and how it's different from the alternative).
```suggestion
page_title: Service Mesh Proxy Registration: Separate from Service Registration
```

description: >-

> Use service mesh proxy configuration files to define the parameters and behaviors of custom proxies deployed with services in your mesh. Learn about configuration options and how to format them with examples.

Reviewer: This page is confusing (in my opinion), but isn't about custom proxies specifically. You can use this with Envoy proxies.
```suggestion
You can register a service mesh sidecar proxy separate from the registration of the service instance it fronts. Learn about proxy configuration options and how to format them with examples.
```
